# Dungeons_and_Dragons_7_3_edition
This describes a rule system that has been gradually updated from an original PowerPoint which describes the directly playable spells. The further edition descriptions expand upon allowing the game to utilize real-world physics and High Magic spells that have no probability distribution for figuring them out. The most important spell players will likely strive for is the Ritual of the Myriad At War with the Weave. This spell allows you to cast Wish (otherwise prohibited from being cast by anyone other than a 17th level or higher Sorcerer who must be born from a line of Sorcerers which must start with a parent having learned the 10th level Necromancy spell Weapon of Undeath (often referred to as Sword of Undeath) to cast it and cut themselves with it. Transforming oneself with At War with the Weave (with the help of 1000s of other friends with the same dedication to learning High Magic as you and to giving you power at great personal cost to them) allows you to grant a level in Cleric to any willing person and exert your will using the equivalents of 3 non-directly-damaging spells on some component of reality everywhere in the Universe and within 150 feet of your clerics (who gain additional levels in Cleric according to their experience points as further specified in 7.1). The other options with this spell include such things as allowing the Weave to support an additional spell at a certain level, altering spells, and altering schools of Magic, but the personal cost to the 1000s of casters involved is always very high. This includes removing At War with the Weave from being able to be cast, but that requires more than 1,000,000 Ancient Gold Dragons worth of hp to die. Details must be sought after earnestly in order to be found. The more important spell as far as actually being able to learn a spell in less than 1145 years goes is Create Ring of Power. This is an 11th level spell in the School of Transmutation that basically allows for a Lord of the Rings campaign to be played with some realism. The nature of this spell would generally require that the (presumably BBEG who wants one) to be a patron of 100s of Wizards in the School of Transmutation in order to have enough people in the levels beneath himself to actually support his ability to learn the spell, and again in every other School of Magic in order to learn the spells to build into his Ring (such as the 11th level Divination spell See All Rings of Power, which must be cast into a Ring of Power at the same time as Create Ring of Power, and Control Rings of Power, the 11th level Enchantment spell that must be cast into a Ring of Power at the same time as Create Ring of Power. 
Be sure to understand that in spite of the fact that you can combine the level 1 spell slots you earn from the schools of magic
(equal to the level of the highest level spell you know from a given school of magic (or figured out by you from a scroll, which must have recursively been derived from someone learning it at one of the 8 schools of magic,
of which one of each only can exist at any time on all planes of existence) summed for all schools of magic) indefinitely, you can use them to create creatures of at most CR 9. Using High Magic, you can create creatures of at most CR 11.

Also note that in order to have true levels for the purpose of using transmutation spells like Shapechange, True Polymorph and Polymorph, you need to be specifically granted levels by either a Warlock patron, a CLeric patron (someone transformed by the High Magic Ritual of the Myriad "At War with the Weave"), or a Druid patron (someone transformed by the High Magic Ritual of the Myriad "At War with the Weave" who also may have made a mistake in terms of associating their soul with living things which are strictly mortal (discluded whenever altered to not be associated with that item, and not extending to that creature's offspring)). 
Otherwise you can transform into creatures of up to CR 9 using those spells if you have earned 20 years worth of levels in Schools of Magic or more. Turning into a Young Dragon is generally the way to gain additional temporary CR. 
Everyone who doesn't fit into the above two categories can only be turned into at most CR 1 creatures.

The Divine Intervention 10th level ability of Clerics, when it works (using the d100 table as in 5e), allows the patron access to comprehension (in the form of virtual intelligence like what happens with the 12th level Divination spell See All) to the extent that the patron can use two additional casts of Wish as if it were anywhere within 150 feet of that cleric per 6 seconds for 1 minute while holding concentration on up to a number of spells that require it equal to the number of cleric levels that cleric has. 
This happens all without interrupting anything else the patron is doing at that time. Planar Ally is just a spell which basically acts like a free transferrable teleport of one creature by the patron targeted. 
Alternatively, at a cost of one of their clerical levels (reducing the maximum number of clerical levels they can earn permanently by 1 as well (on a successful use of divine intervention)), the cleric can ask for and recieve a request for power that would be nearly impossible to figure out by other means (using intervention in this way means using it in a way that does not have an equivalent performance in any other spell). Such intervention may include turning the cleric into a lich (with the cleric's own list of preparable spells and maximum number of prepared spells preserved, along with not needing to consume souls to maintain one's appearance, similar to that High Magic Ritual of Solitude which, by construction, is hard to figure out), or in creating creatures with a CR below the cleric's level (in Cleric) that do not exist in the sources otherwise allowed.
This could mean coming up with a D&D 5e stat block for something like Spider-Man or the Marvel Cinematic Universe Thor (who is substantially less powerful than a 20th level Cleric due to his inability to teleport on his own or use spells that do not involve lightning (and in not nearly as powerful of a manner as the lightning bolt spell due to his need to power it up) or Control Weather) to either have the Cleric in question have the form and unique powers of one of them (retaining all of their other spellcasting abilities, intelligence and wisdom), or in creating one of them as an ally after using science to build an organic body (3D printed organs) in approximately the shape suitable for that new creature.

Creatures immune to the restrained condition that are otherwise able to directly move objects without the use of Magic are still able to be moved against their will via telekinesis, it's just that telekinesis doesn't impose the restrained condition on them.
The restrained condition, for anyone who forgot or didn't know, reduces your movement speed to 0, stops you from using additional speed from things like dash or haste, imposes disadvantage on attack rolls by you, and advantage on attack rolls against you.
A ghost or a will-o-wisp are examples of creatures that are never affected by telekinesis.

Creatures immune to charm can still be forced to do things against their will, but they will always be completely under the control of their own mind. The charmed condition doesn't apply to them, so unless the caster of a spell like suggestion or dominate person/monster specifically commands them to do something that completely prevents them from attacking the caster, the target can attack the caster.

Time Stop cast via a Ring of Power allows you to choose who around you you want to be able to share that (6 seconds)*ceil(X+1) {X~Uniform(0, 4)} with.

Turns represent actions, bonus actions, reactions and movement taken at approximately the same time.

Version 7.2 has a well-meaning typo, just remember that the first 20 character levels are the sum of all levels you get from Sorcerer, Warlock, Druid, and Cleric, but only the first 20 such levels have been reached.
After that each level either has to be specifically granted by a patron (only the first level in Warlock, Druid or Cleric can be so granted), or you have to earn an additional 50000*(levels earned to that point in all classes+1) experience points to get the next level in any class of which you have less than 20 levels currently.
The semi-levels granted in the process of growing up from a Young Dragon to an Adult Dragon (1 virtual level) and from an Adult Dragon to an Ancient Dragon (1 virtual level) are not considered in the above equation, and are important only with regard to the True Polymorph spell, which only considers those 2 virtual levels plus the first 20 class levels, plus each first and 20th class level reached after the person in question has already reached 20 class levels for the purpose of determining the maximum CR of creature you can become (CR 28 is the absolute maximum, of which becoming a Sul Khatesh is the best choice, then you use your thousands of allies with access to Magic Jar and True Polymorph to start using you and each other to all become Sul Khateshes in logarithmic time, the presumably having a few turn into lower CR creatures like the meta-gaming pigeon, Zariel, Metatrons, Wish Dragons, Empyreans, and Solars).
You will then want to use At War with the Weave to get rid of True Polymorph, then get rid of At War with the Weave in order to prevent anyone else from replicating your success ever again.

The "levels" associated with any monster can be considered removed, along with the spells (not listed as "can innately cast ...") associated with spell slots (and the spell slots themselves) for that creature. This is done to preserve the levels of the person True Polymorphing into that creature (and the associated abilities of those levels, minus the abilities that alter your strength, dexterity, constitution, and charisma (along with the permanent damage resistances and immunities, senses, etc) that are not transferrable to the new form when you True Polymorph (due to those things being listed differently in the stat block)). An example of an ability that transfers to a different True Polymorphed form is the ability to subconsciously (without verbal, somatic or time components (material components still required)) cast True Polymorph once per day from having gained 9 levels in the School of Transmutation. Another example is the Wildshape ability of Druids, or the lucky feat gained from an ability score increase (available from gaining levels in Sorcerer, Cleric and Druid, but not Warlock (remember, there are no other true classes in this version of D&D, you gain those abilities instead by going through associated schools)). An example of something that does not transfer is the Alert feat (gained through an ability score increase from one of those previous 3 classes, or you can also gain it through a School of Medieval Fighting or a School of Medieval Ranged Combat), as it affects something based directly on Dexterity (initiative), which itself is altered via True Polymorph.

Further clarification: 

The Mirage Arcane spell allows you to make a structure disappear visually and physically even though it is still "there" to the extent that the people inside see out of it normally. 
This can create an effect similar to the Harry Potter spell "Fidelius Charm" with the change being that instead of a secret-keeper being able to get to the building, it's anyone with access to both Truesight/True Seeing and any conjuration spell that skips distance. If the building in question is also protected by forbiddance, then it can still be entered by one with access to Truesight by using a force-wall tunnel, which will appear from any other angle as though it were a wormhole to the entrance (or whatever part) of the building being hidden. This would have to be done separately for each contiguous thing (not talking about contiguity relative to the ground as only buildings contiguous with the (relative) ground can be hidden in such a way) being hidden both physically and visually (to anyone without Truesight).

Divine Awareness allows you to know that something you tried to derive information from using Divination spells that was under the protection of glibness resulted in getting a false answer.
